<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt -->
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        It is the way of writing HTML in a way that is easily readable, and
        it helps discern between the tags written.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        It's a markup language used to create electronic documents displayed
        on the world wide web.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute is an additional characteristic of an element. Things
        such as width or height. Attributes are always specifed in the
        opening tag of an element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        An h1 tag is used to denote the title of a webpage. It's typically
        used once and is considered best practice to keep it to only one use.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        - <input>
        - <textarea>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        The head tag can include the title, scripts, styles, meta information, and more...
    7. What is an id?
        An 'ID' is an attribute which is a unique id for an HTML element(the value must be 
        unique within the HTML document)
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        In HTML5 it can be used on any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        the ID attribute should only be used once on a HTML page.
    10. What is a class? 
        The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
        You can add the class attibute to any HTML element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        You can use the same class multiple times ona single page. Just be aware when styling
        that this will cause the same styling across that class throughout the page.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        within you anchor tags <a></a> add a 'target="_blank"' attribute to your link(s).
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
        The alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an area, if an image fails to 
        display.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        With a # mark. e.g. #header
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, 
        or any other sections of the document. whereas: The <div> tag defines a division or 
        a section in an HTML document
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        In your CSS you would reference it as the element without a '.' or '#' attribute added.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to idenitfy one element, whereas 
        a class can be used to idenitfy than one.
        - Class = If you want to style all of the <p> the same styling throughout the page
        - ID = If you know you want that specific element to have specific styling.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        The way to select a class is using the period (.) within your CSS.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p {

        }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        - The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
        - If you're trying to style a particular sub element of an element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector is a keyword added that specifies a special state for said element. e.g. :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase;
        text-transform: lowercase;
        text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        * {

        }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        - rm (file name)
        - This permanently deletes the file and anything in it. Knowing what file you're in
            or what exactly you're deleting is paramount.
    34. Why should I use version control?
        Using version control allows you to easily compare files, identify differences, and merge 
            before commiting any code.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every 30 minutes of real work should be pushed so it is not lost.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin Jaren-Smart
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        - Fork desired repository
        - add TL as a contributor
            (Setting->Collaborators->Add collaborator)
        - clone repo onto your machine
            (git clone <your-repo>)
        - Create your own branch
            (cd <repo directory>)
            (git checkout -b Jaren-Smart)
        -Push any changes made to your own branch
            (git push -u origin Jaren-Smart)
        -Add TL as reviewer on the pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   -->